EXPERIMENTATION OUTLINE

3 things to do:
   1) We need to better demonstrate the usefulness of CAS comparatively
   2) We need to better motivate the IRS approach with a better example.
   3) We need to include a result on sub-competencies or otherwise remove fully.

Generally, we lack "comparative results" much like I complained about in my review
against other papers or methods for "similar things". We compare modeling competence
versus not modeling competence, but we don't compare modeling competence versus
doing some other sort of augmented autonomy approach.

(1) Base CAS Experimentation
   -- Add some additional visualization to help demonstrate the effect of the results.
      -- AV Navigation: Pick a nav task and show the route development over time.
      -- Pass Obstacle: Maybe show a progression of heat maps of overrides by position.
   -- Consider an additional experimental domain, or a re-skinning of CDR:
      -- "Office Assistant Robot" and we can cite or harken to COBOTS.

(2) ISR Experimentation
   -- We need additional results beyond the campus robot experiment that we have
      which is also the same as the previous paper's domain, so I can see why
      that wouldn't be seen as sufficient.
   -- Doing this approach on av nav would be a bit more well-motivated,
      particularly because I think we can more easily introduce some additional
      consumer-driven features that are more preference based and easier to
      argue are learned/identified online only

   New Features To Learn Online:
      Experimental Setup: 3 different drivers each with different
         "Person 1" (Socially Anxious / Low Trust)
            -- Trailing Vehicle (Applies Social Pressure to Act)
            -- Wait time?

(3) Sub-Competency Experimentation?
      -- Perceptual subcompetency
         - In presence of glare (?) object detection has chance of failure.
      -- Motion control subcompetence
         - On wet roads, traction can be poor leading to worse handling at
           higher speeds, slippage in lane, longer time to brake.


Campus delivery robot we can maybe better motivate specifically as a deployed
consumer system in an a priori unknown environment.
   I think that part of the issue here may be the fact that things like "visibility"
   or "traffic" really SHOULD be considered a priori it simply doesn't make any
   sense not to do so.
   Maybe an "office assistant" robot where the "users" don't want the system to
   do certain things so again it's really a user preference based design question.
   The downside is that this doesn't exactly fit into the "risk sensitive" issue
   prompt...
   The Nissan project showed us though that there *will* be technical properties
   related to safety and reliability and performance that are not always going
   to be known a priori.


New Experiments List:

(1) AV Navigation Route Development.
X  (1.1) Record rate of overrides per edge and node to create a "heat map" of
         overrides overlay over the map to show challenging locations.
X  (1.2) Record the route taken between every (in a set?) pair of nodes in the
         map each episode to show the development of the route over time as the
         competence of the agent is learned wrt challenging parts of the graph.
   (1.3) Spend some time on the parameters of the map (graph) itself to make
         it so that the different edges and nodes are more "unique" to help
         demonstrate points 1.1 and 1.2 more effectively.

(2) AV Pass Obstacle
X  (2.1) Record rate of override / transfer of control to create a "heat map"
         of where they are occurring, ideally showing that over time they start
         occurring both *less* and also earlier on in the process.

(3) Better ISR Experiment

(4) Sub-Competency Experiment
   (4.1) Implement 2 sub-competencies
         (4.1.1) Perception sub-competency
         (4.1.2) Lane control sub-Competency


New Story:

   (1) Introduce the competence aware system and demonstrate its efficacy.
   (2) However, it is limited by the features in its a fixed a priori model.
      (2.1) This is corroborated by work we did on the real AV.
   (3) Hence we introduce the ISR approach to handle three abilities:
      (3.1) Helping
